Savannah Van Beek
Test Report 2

Quick note, I wasn't quite able to get the testdom and makefile working the way it 
should. I basically have it all it the makefile and it just compiles and runs everything
in there. That was the only way I could figure out how to automatically pipe it into the
file test.out. I tried copying over the makefile (and other necessary code) from GROCEA,
but I don't understand how it made the executable testdom. 

For this test report I created testAdventurer.c and I worked more on my testBuyCard.c. 
There are sill something wrong with my testBuyCard.c program, but I haven't been able 
to figure out what it is. It compiles, runs, and exits normally, but when I use memcmp()
something must be changing that I don't intend. Almost every single time memcmp() fails
which means something happens to gameState Post that doesn't happen to gameState pre.
Other than that issue the testing went well. I'm not sure what exactly is changing 
because I am printing out everything that I could potentially be changing and then some.
I am also confused by the fact of when I tested Jonah Brooks code with my testBuyCard.c
program it still had the same issue, but at a much smaller frequency. Mine was failing
almost every single time, but on his it seems to only fail less than half the time. 

I haven't tested many since I only have the one working test (testAdventurer), but with
it I was able to find and fix bugs in my own Adventurer implementation along with Jonah
Brooks implementation of Adventurer. Even though my test is basic enough, I was able to
find that he wasn't incrementing the his hand. On line 642 in his dominion.c file
he doesn't subtract one from hand[][] so when he calls discardCard() he passes in the
wrong hand position. Then when discardCard() checks the hand position it see that it is
an in valid position and doesn't discard it. So he just keeps drawing and drawing until
all of his cards are in his hand. 

When I run gcov on my code I get 5.01% which seems reasonable since all that I was really
able to get implemented and working correctly was testAdventurer.c.

When I run gcov on Jonah Brooks code I get an 11.65% coverage. Which is strange that I 
cover more of his code with the same tests than mine, but there it is. 
